app:Print Spooler
package:com.android.printspooler
Launcher:null
app:Galaxy Themes
package:com.samsung.android.themestore
Launcher:null
app:Samsung Editing Assets
package:com.sec.android.app.ve.vebgm
Launcher:null
app:Group Sharing
package:com.samsung.android.mobileservice
Launcher:null
app:android.auto_generated_rro_vendor__
package:android.auto_generated_rro_vendor__
Launcher:null
app:Clipboard edge
package:com.samsung.android.app.clipboardedge
Launcher:null
app:Facebook App Manager
package:com.facebook.appmanager
Launcher:null
app:Print Service Recommendation Service
package:com.google.android.printservice.recommendation
Launcher:null
app:Apps
package:com.samsung.android.app.appsedge
Launcher:null
app:Application recommendations
package:com.samsung.android.mapsagent
Launcher:null
app:Call Log Backup/Restore
package:com.android.calllogbackup
Launcher:null
app:Data Restore Tool
package:com.google.android.apps.restore
Launcher:null
app:com.android.providers.partnerbookmarks
package:com.android.providers.partnerbookmarks
Launcher:null
app:Live Wallpaper Picker
package:com.android.wallpaper.livepicker
Launcher:null
app:SimMobilityKit
package:com.samsung.ims.smk
Launcher:null
app:ringtonebackup
package:com.sec.android.app.ringtoneBR
Launcher:null
app:Google Partner Setup
package:com.google.android.partnersetup
Launcher:null
app:ChromeCustomizations
package:com.sec.android.app.chromecustomizations
Launcher:null
app:EmergencyProvider
package:com.sec.android.provider.emergencymode
Launcher:null
app:Speech Services by Google
package:com.google.android.tts
Launcher:null
app:TalkBack
package:com.samsung.android.accessibility.talkback
Launcher:null
app:Photo Screensavers
package:com.android.dreams.phototable
Launcher:null
app:Smart Switch Agent
package:com.sec.android.easyMover.Agent
Launcher:null
app:EpdgTestApp
package:com.sec.epdgtestapp
Launcher:null
app:Hiya Service
package:com.hiya.star
Launcher:null
app:Work Setup
package:com.android.managedprovisioning
Launcher:null
app:AASAservice
package:com.samsung.aasaservice
Launcher:null
app:Facebook Services
package:com.facebook.services
Launcher:null
app:People
package:com.samsung.android.service.peoplestripe
Launcher:null
app:Bookmark Provider
package:com.android.bookmarkprovider
Launcher:null
app:Samsung Checkout
package:com.sec.android.app.billing
Launcher:null
app:Weather
package:com.sec.android.daemonapp
Launcher:null
app:Emergency information
package:com.android.emergency
Launcher:null
app:Google
package:com.google.android.googlequicksearchbox
Launcher:null
app:Knox Enrollment Service
package:com.sec.enterprise.knox.cloudmdm.smdms
Launcher:null
app:Automation Test
package:com.sec.android.app.DataCreate
Launcher:null
app:Default Print Service
package:com.android.bips
Launcher:null
app:Tasks
package:com.samsung.android.app.taskedge
Launcher:null
app:Wireless emergency alerts
package:com.google.android.cellbroadcastreceiver
Launcher:null
app:OneDrive
package:com.microsoft.skydrive
Launcher:null
app:Wi-Fi Calling
package:com.sec.unifiedwfc
Launcher:null
app:Device Services
package:com.samsung.android.kgclient
Launcher:null
app:IMS Settings
package:com.samsung.advp.imssettings
Launcher:null
app:Basic Daydreams
package:com.android.dreams.basic
Launcher:null
app:Download Manager
package:com.android.providers.downloads
Launcher:null
app:Nearby device scanning
package:com.samsung.android.easysetup
Launcher:null
app:Facebook App Installer
package:com.facebook.system
Launcher:null
app:Media and devices
package:com.samsung.android.mdx.quickboard
Launcher:null
app:Facebook
package:com.facebook.katana
Launcher:null
app:Foundation
package:com.monotype.android.font.foundation
Launcher:null
app:Galaxy Store
package:com.sec.android.app.samsungapps
Launcher:com.sec.android.app.samsungapps.SamsungAppsMainActivity
app:Video trimmer
package:com.samsung.app.newtrim
Launcher:null
app:Downloads
package:com.android.providers.downloads.ui
Launcher:null
app:Samsung account
package:com.osp.app.signin
Launcher:null
app:User manual
package:com.sec.android.widgetapp.webmanual
Launcher:null
app:android.auto_generated_rro_product__
package:android.auto_generated_rro_product__
Launcher:null
app:KLMS Agent
package:com.samsung.klmsagent
Launcher:null
app:System Tracing
package:com.android.traceur
Launcher:null
app:QTR
package:com.qualcomm.qti.smq
Launcher:null
app:Edge panels
package:com.samsung.android.app.cocktailbarservice
Launcher:null
app:Radio
package:com.sec.android.app.fm
Launcher:com.sec.android.app.fm.MainActivity
app:Wearable Manager Installer
package:com.samsung.android.app.watchmanagerstub
Launcher:null
app:Google Location History
package:com.google.android.gms.location.history
Launcher:null
app:HTML Viewer
package:com.android.htmlviewer
Launcher:null
app:Market Feedback Agent
package:com.google.android.feedback
Launcher:null
app:Game Optimizing Service
package:com.samsung.android.game.gos
Launcher:null
app:Mobile Services Manager
package:com.dti.samsung
Launcher:null
app:Dual Messenger
package:com.samsung.android.da.daagent
Launcher:null
app:RcsSettings
package:com.samsung.rcs
Launcher:null
app:Samsung Cloud
package:com.samsung.android.scloud
Launcher:null
app:SettingsBixby
package:com.samsung.android.app.settings.bixby
Launcher:null
app:Tools
package:com.sec.android.app.quicktool
Launcher:null
app:FactoryAPP
package:com.val.hardware
Launcher:null
app:Sticker Center
package:com.samsung.android.stickercenter
Launcher:null
app:Customization Service
package:com.samsung.android.rubin.app
Launcher:null
app:SmartThings
package:com.samsung.android.beaconmanager
Launcher:null
app:FaceService
package:com.samsung.faceservice
Launcher:null
app:Find My Mobile
package:com.samsung.android.fmm
Launcher:null
app:Samsung text-to-speech engine
package:com.samsung.SMT
Launcher:null
app:Galaxy Themes Service
package:com.samsung.android.themecenter
Launcher:null
app:Wi-Fi Direct
package:com.samsung.android.allshare.service.fileshare
Launcher:null
